# Upgrading to V0.14.0

This guide will walk you through the process of upgrading your Aligned Operator to v0.14.0.

Since EigenLayer released Slashing on Holesky Testnet, there are two versions of the [EigenSDK](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go), one is compatible with Mainnet and the other one is compatible with Holesky Testnet. This guide will help you to upgrade your operator with the correct version of the EigenSDK.

The EigenSDK version [v0.1.13](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/releases/tag/v0.1.13) is compatible with Mainnet.

The EigenSDK version [v0.2.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/releases/tag/v0.2.0-beta.1) is compatible with Holesky Testnet.

## Changes

This version includes the following changes:

* hotfix: eigensdk on Operator and Aggregator boot in [#1740](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1740)

## How to upgrade

Depending on the network you are running, you will need to upgrade the EigenSDK version on your operator.

For Mainnet this upgrade is optional, but for Holesky Testnet it is mandatory.

### Mainnet Operator

This upgrade is OPTIONAL for Mainnet operators. But, if you want to upgrade, you can follow the steps below:

#### Step 1 - Pull the latest changes

```shell
cd <path/to/aligned/repository>
git fetch origin
git checkout v0.14.0
```

#### Step 2 - Update the Operator

```shell
make build_operator ENVIRONMENT=mainnet
```

This will install the version v0.1.13 of the EigenSDK, and then it will recompile the binaries.

#### Step 3 - Check the Operator Version

To see the operator version, run:

```shell
./operator/build/aligned-operator --version
```

This will display the current version of the operator binary. The output should be:

```
Aligned Layer Node Operator version v0.14.0
```

#### Step 4 - Restart the Operator

Restart the operator based on your system configuration.

### Testnet Operator

This upgrade is MANDATORY for Testnet operators. Follow the steps below to upgrade your operator:

#### Step 1 - Pull the latest changes

```shell
cd <path/to/aligned/repository>
git fetch origin
git checkout v0.14.0
```

#### Step 2 - Update the Operator

```shell
make build_operator ENVIRONMENT=testnet
```

This will install the version v0.2.0-beta.1 of the EigenSDK, and then it will recompile the binaries.

#### Step 3 - Check the Operator Version

To see the operator version, run:

```shell
./operator/build/aligned-operator --version
```

This will display the current version of the operator binary. The output should be:

```
Aligned Layer Node Operator version v0.14.0
```

#### Step 4 - Restart the Operator

Restart the operator based on your system configuration.

### Troubleshooting

#### Operator not registered on Aligned

If your operator is not registered on Aligned, or it was ejected from the network, you can follow the registration process again.

- Mainnet:

```bash
make operator_register_with_aligned_layer CONFIG_FILE=./config-files/config-operator-mainnet.yaml
```

- Holesky:

```bash
make operator_register_with_aligned_layer CONFIG_FILE=./config-files/config-operator-holesky.yaml
```

{% hint style="danger" %}
If you are going to run the server in this machine,
delete the operator key
{% endhint %}
